activity-log-manager.desktop:Name=Activity Log Manager
adaptit.desktop:Name=Adapt It
AdobeAIR.desktop:Name=Adobe AIR Application Installer
albert.desktop:Name=Albert
assistant-qt4.desktop:Name=Qt 4 Assistant
asunder.desktop:Name=Asunder CD Ripper
audacity.desktop:Name=Audacity
bibletime.desktop:Name=BibleTime 
bloom-beta.desktop:Name=Bloom Beta
bloom.desktop:Name=Bloom
bookletimposer.desktop:Name=bookletimposer
boot-repair.desktop:Name=Boot Repair
brasero.desktop:Name=Brasero
ca.desrt.dconf-editor.desktop:Name=dconf Editor
caja-browser.desktop:Name=Caja
caja-file-management-properties.desktop:Name=File Management
calibre-gui.desktop:Name=calibre
cheese.desktop:Name=Cheese
chmsee.desktop:Name=ChmSee
chromium-app-list.desktop:Name=Chromium App Launcher
chromium-browser.desktop:Name=Chromium Web Browser
cinnamon-color-panel.desktop:Name=Color
cinnamon-display-panel.desktop:Name=Display
cinnamon-network-panel.desktop:Name=Network
cinnamon-settings-applets.desktop:Name=Applets
cinnamon-settings-backgrounds.desktop:Name=Backgrounds
cinnamon-settings-calendar.desktop:Name=Date & Time
cinnamon-settings-default.desktop:Name=Preferred Applications
cinnamon-settings-desklets.desktop:Name=Desklets
cinnamon-settings-desktop.desktop:Name=Desktop
cinnamon-settings.desktop:Name=System Settings
cinnamon-settings-effects.desktop:Name=Effects
cinnamon-settings-extensions.desktop:Name=Extensions
cinnamon-settings-fonts.desktop:Name=Fonts
cinnamon-settings-general.desktop:Name=General
cinnamon-settings-hotcorner.desktop:Name=Hot Corners
cinnamon-settings-info.desktop:Name=System Info
cinnamon-settings-keyboard.desktop:Name=Keyboard
cinnamon-settings-mouse.desktop:Name=Mouse and Touchpad
cinnamon-settings-notifications.desktop:Name=Notifications
cinnamon-settings-panel.desktop:Name=Panel
cinnamon-settings-power.desktop:Name=Power Management
cinnamon-settings-privacy.desktop:Name=Privacy
cinnamon-settings-screensaver.desktop:Name=Screensaver
cinnamon-settings-sound.desktop:Name=Sound
cinnamon-settings-startup.desktop:Name=Startup Applications
cinnamon-settings-themes.desktop:Name=Themes
cinnamon-settings-tiling.desktop:Name=Window Tiling
cinnamon-settings-universal-access.desktop:Name=Accessibility
cinnamon-settings-user.desktop:Name=Account details
cinnamon-settings-users.desktop:Name=Users and Groups
cinnamon-settings-windows.desktop:Name=Windows
cinnamon-settings-workspaces.desktop:Name=Workspaces
cinnamon-wacom-panel.desktop:Name=Graphics Tablet
clamtk.desktop:Name=ClamTk
classicmenu-indicator.desktop:Name=ClassicMenu Indicator
com.gexperts.Terminix.desktop:Name=Terminix
credentials-preferences.desktop:Name=Online Accounts
debian-uxterm.desktop:Name=UXTerm
debian-xterm.desktop:Name=XTerm
designer-qt4.desktop:Name=Qt 4 Designer
dictionary-app-builder.desktop:Name=Dictionary App Builder
diodon.desktop:Name=Diodon
docky.desktop:Name=Docky
dropbox.desktop:Name=Dropbox
ebook-viewer.desktop:Name=E-Book Viewer
edu.media.mit.scratch2editor.desktop:Name=Scratch 2
eog.desktop:Name=Image Viewer
epiphany-game.desktop:Name=Epiphany
evince.desktop:Name=Document Viewer
exfalso.desktop:Name=Ex Falso
exo-file-manager.desktop:Name=File Manager
exo-mail-reader.desktop:Name=Mail Reader
exo-preferred-applications.desktop:Name=Preferred Applications
exo-terminal-emulator.desktop:Name=Terminal Emulator
exo-web-browser.desktop:Name=Web Browser
FBReader.desktop:Name=E-book reader
fieldworks-chorushub.desktop:Name=ChorusHub
fieldworks-flex.desktop:Name=FieldWorks Language Explorer
fieldworks-te.desktop:Name=FieldWorks Translation Editor
firefox.desktop:Name=Firefox Web Browser
flash-player-properties.desktop:Name=Adobe Flash Player
flowblade.desktop:Name=Flowblade Movie Editor
font-manager.desktop:Name=Font Manager
gcm-viewer.desktop:Name=Color Profile Viewer
gcolor3.desktop:Name=Color picker
gconf-editor.desktop:Name=Configuration Editor
gdebi.desktop:Name=GDebi Package Installer
geany.desktop:Name=Geany
geary.desktop:Name=Geary
gedit.desktop:Name=gedit
geeqie.desktop:Name=Geeqie
ghb.desktop:Name=HandBrake
ghostwriter.desktop:Name=ghostwriter
gimp.desktop:Name=GIMP Image Editor
gnome-calculator.desktop:Name=Calculator
gnome-control-center.desktop:Name=Settings
gnome-mahjongg.desktop:Name=Mahjongg
gnome-mines.desktop:Name=Mines
gnome-nettool.desktop:Name=Network Tools
gnome-nibbles.desktop:Name=Nibbles
gnome-power-statistics.desktop:Name=Power Statistics
gnome-search-tool.desktop:Name=Search for Files...
gnome-sudoku.desktop:Name=Sudoku
gnome-system-log.desktop:Name=System Log
gnome-system-monitor.desktop:Name=System Monitor
gnome-system-monitor-kde.desktop:Name=GNOME System Monitor
gnome-terminal.desktop:Name=Terminal
gnome-user-share-properties.desktop:Name=Personal File Sharing
gnucash.desktop:Name=GnuCash
goldendict.desktop:Name=GoldenDict
google-chrome.desktop:Name=Google Chrome
gparted.desktop:Name=GParted
gpick.desktop:Name=Gpick
grsync.desktop:Name=Grsync
gsmartcontrol.desktop:Name=GSmartControl
gtk-theme-config.desktop:Name=Theme Configuration
gucharmap.desktop:Name=Character Map
gufw.desktop:Name=Firewall Configuration
hardinfo.desktop:Name=System Profiler and Benchmark
hexchat.desktop:Name=HexChat
htop.desktop:Name=Htop
ibus-setup.desktop:Name=IBus Preferences
inkscape.desktop:Name=Inkscape
keepass2.desktop:Name=KeePass2
keepassx.desktop:Name=KeePassX
klavaro.desktop:Name=Klavaro
kupfer.desktop:Name=Kupfer
language-selector.desktop:Name=Language Support
lantern.desktop:Name=lantern
libreoffice-base.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Base
libreoffice-calc.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Calc
libreoffice-draw.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Draw
libreoffice-impress.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Impress
libreoffice-math.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Math
libreoffice-startcenter.desktop:Name=LibreOffice
libreoffice-writer.desktop:Name=LibreOffice Writer
linguist-qt4.desktop:Name=Qt 4 Linguist
logout.desktop:Name=Logout
lrfviewer.desktop:Name=LRF Viewer
mate-about-me.desktop:Name=About Me
mate-appearance-properties.desktop:Name=Appearance
mate-at-properties.desktop:Name=Assistive Technologies
matecc.desktop:Name=Control Center
mate-color-select.desktop:Name=MATE Color Selection
mate-default-applications-properties.desktop:Name=Preferred Applications
mate-dictionary.desktop:Name=MATE Dictionary
mate-disk-usage-analyzer.desktop:Name=MATE Disk Usage Analyzer
mate-display-properties.desktop:Name=Displays
mate-keybinding.desktop:Name=Keyboard Shortcuts
mate-keyboard.desktop:Name=Keyboard
mate-network-properties.desktop:Name=Network Proxy
mate-notification-properties.desktop:Name=Popup Notifications
mate-power-preferences.desktop:Name=Power Management
mate-power-statistics.desktop:Name=Power Statistics
mate-screensaver-preferences.desktop:Name=Screensaver
mate-screenshot.desktop:Name=Take Screenshot
mate-search-tool.desktop:Name=MATE Search Tool
mate-session-properties.desktop:Name=Startup Applications
mate-settings-mouse.desktop:Name=Mouse
mate-system-log.desktop:Name=Log File Viewer
mate-system-monitor.desktop:Name=MATE System Monitor
mate-terminal.desktop:Name=MATE Terminal
mate-tweak.desktop:Name=MATE Tweak
mate-user-guide.desktop:Name=Help
mate-volume-control.desktop:Name=Sound
mate-window-properties.desktop:Name=Windows
meld.desktop:Name=Meld
mkusb.desktop:Name=mkusb
modem-manager-gui.desktop:Name=Modem Manager GUI
mpv.desktop:Name=mpv Media Player
multibootusb.desktop:Name=multibootusb
nautilus.desktop:Name=Files
nemo-compare-preferences.desktop:Name=Nemo Compare Extension Preferences
nemo.desktop:Name=Files
nm-connection-editor.desktop:Name=Network Connections
onboard.desktop:Name=Onboard
onboard-settings.desktop:Name=Onboard Settings
openshot-qt.desktop:Name=OpenShot Video Editor
org.baedert.corebird.desktop:Name=Corebird
org.gnome.baobab.desktop:Name=Disk Usage Analyzer
org.gnome.Calendar.desktop:Name=Calendar
org.gnome.clocks.desktop:Name=Clocks
org.gnome.DiskUtility.desktop:Name=Disks
org.gnome.Maps.desktop:Name=Maps
org.gnome.Polari.desktop:Name=Polari
org.gnome.Screenshot.desktop:Name=Screenshot
org.kde.kdenlive.desktop:Name=Kdenlive
org.sil.ramp.d3f812dda9ba9ee1c1ae1d9604f6a1089e476641.1.desktop:Name=RAMP
pacman.desktop:Name=Pacman
panel-preferences.desktop:Name=Panel
paratext.desktop:Name=Paratext
pavucontrol.desktop:Name=PulseAudio Volume Control
pdfshuffler.desktop:Name=PDF-Shuffler
pidgin.desktop:Name=Pidgin Internet Messenger
pinta.desktop:Name=Pinta
pitivi.desktop:Name=Pitivi
PlayOnLinux.desktop:Name=PlayOnLinux
puddletag.desktop:Name=puddletag
qtcreator.desktop:Name=Qt Creator
quodlibet.desktop:Name=Quod Libet
reboot.desktop:Name=Reboot
remmina.desktop:Name=Remmina
remote-viewer.desktop:Name=Remote Viewer
rhythmbox.desktop:Name=Rhythmbox
scribus.desktop:Name=Scribus
scripture-app-builder.desktop:Name=Scripture App Builder
seahorse.desktop:Name=Passwords and Keys
Shotcut.desktop:Name=Shotcut
shotwell.desktop:Name=Shotwell
shutdown.desktop:Name=Shutdown
shutter.desktop:Name=Shutter
sil-ConfigurationTool.desktop:Name=Pathway ConfigurationTool
sil-wesay-config.desktop:Name=WeSay Config
sil-wesay.desktop:Name=WeSay
simplenote.desktop:Name=Simplenote
simple-scan.desktop:Name=Simple Scan
simplescreenrecorder.desktop:Name=SimpleScreenRecorder
skype.desktop:Name=Skype
skypeforlinux.desktop:Name=Skype for Linux Beta
software-properties-drivers.desktop:Name=Additional Drivers
software-properties-gtk.desktop:Name=Software Settings
sol.desktop:Name=AisleRiot Solitaire
soundconverter.desktop:Name=Sound Converter
sound-juicer.desktop:Name=Sound Juicer
ssg-archive-form.desktop:Name=SSG Archive Form
stopmotion.desktop:Name=Stopmotion
supertux2.desktop:Name=SuperTux 2
synapse.desktop:Name=Synapse
synaptic.desktop:Name=Synaptic Package Manager
system-config-printer.desktop:Name=Printers
system-config-samba.desktop:Name=Samba
Thunar-bulk-rename.desktop:Name=Bulk Rename
Thunar.desktop:Name=Thunar File Manager
thunar-settings.desktop:Name=File Manager
thunar-volman-settings.desktop:Name=Removable Drives and Media
thunderbird.desktop:Name=Thunderbird Mail
totem.desktop:Name=Videos
transmission-gtk.desktop:Name=Transmission
trojita.desktop:Name=Trojitá
tuxboot.desktop:Name=Tuxboot
ubiquity.desktop:Name=Install RELEASE
ubuntu-mate-software.desktop:Name=Software Boutique
ubuntu-mate-welcome.desktop:Name=Welcome
ubuntu-software-center.desktop:Name=Ubuntu Software Center
unetbootin.desktop:Name=UNetbootin
unicodechareditor.desktop:Name=Unicode Character Properties Editor
unity-activity-log-manager-panel.desktop:Name=Security & Privacy
unity-appearance-panel.desktop:Name=Appearance
unity-bluetooth-panel.desktop:Name=Bluetooth
unity-color-panel.desktop:Name=Color
unity-control-center.desktop:Name=System Settings
unity-credentials-panel.desktop:Name=Online Accounts
unity-datetime-panel.desktop:Name=Time & Date
unity-display-panel.desktop:Name=Displays
unity-info-panel.desktop:Name=Details
unity-keyboard-panel.desktop:Name=Keyboard
unity-lens-photos.desktop:Name=Photos lens for Unity
unity-mouse-panel.desktop:Name=Mouse & Touchpad
unity-network-panel.desktop:Name=Network
unity-power-panel.desktop:Name=Power
unity-region-panel.desktop:Name=Text Entry
unity-screen-panel.desktop:Name=Brightness & Lock
unity-sound-panel.desktop:Name=Sound
unity-tweak-tool.desktop:Name=Unity Tweak Tool
unity-universal-access-panel.desktop:Name=Universal Access
unity-user-accounts-panel.desktop:Name=User Accounts
unity-wacom-panel.desktop:Name=Wacom Tablet
update-manager.desktop:Name=Software Updater
usb-creator-gtk.desktop:Name=Startup Disk Creator
viber.desktop:Name=Viber
vidcutter.desktop:Name=VidCutter
vinagre.desktop:Name=Remote Desktop Viewer
vino-preferences.desktop:Name=Desktop Sharing
virt-manager.desktop:Name=Virtual Machine Manager
virtualbox.desktop:Name=VirtualBox
vlc.desktop:Name=VLC media player
wasta-backup.desktop:Name=wasta [Backup]
wasta-menus-apps.desktop:Name=wasta [Menus] Apps
wasta-menus.desktop:Name=wasta [Menus]
wasta-offline.desktop:Name=wasta [Offline]
wasta-offline-setup.desktop:Name=wasta [Offline] Setup
wasta-reset.desktop:Name=wasta [Reset]
wasta-resources.desktop:Name=wasta [Resources]
wasta-toggle-touchpad.desktop:Name=wasta [Linux] Toggle Touchpad
wasta-winshare.desktop:Name=wasta [WinShare]
wesnoth-1.12.desktop:Name=Battle for Wesnoth (1.12)
wesnoth-1.12_editor.desktop:Name=Battle for Wesnoth Map Editor (1.12)
wine-browsedrive.desktop:Name=Browse C: Drive
wine-msoffice-winecfg.desktop:Name=Configure MSOffice Wine
wine-notepad.desktop:Name=Notepad
winetricks.desktop:Name=Winetricks
wine-uninstaller.desktop:Name=Uninstall Wine Software
wine-winecfg.desktop:Name=Configure Wine
xchm.desktop:Name=xCHM
xfce4-accessibility-settings.desktop:Name=Accessibility
xfce4-appfinder.desktop:Name=Application Finder
xfce4-mime-settings.desktop:Name=MIME Type Editor
xfce4-power-manager-settings.desktop:Name=Power Manager
xfce4-run.desktop:Name=Run Program...
xfce4-session-logout.desktop:Name=Log Out
xfce4-settings-editor.desktop:Name=Settings Editor
xfce-backdrop-settings.desktop:Name=Desktop 
xfce-display-settings.desktop:Name=Display
xfce-keyboard-settings.desktop:Name=Keyboard
xfce-mouse-settings.desktop:Name=Mouse and Touchpad
xfce-session-settings.desktop:Name=Session and Startup
xfce-settings-manager.desktop:Name=Settings Manager
xfce-ui-settings.desktop:Name=Appearance
xfce-wm-settings.desktop:Name=Window Manager
xfce-wmtweaks-settings.desktop:Name=Window Manager Tweaks
xfce-workspaces-settings.desktop:Name=Workspaces
xiphos.desktop:Name=Xiphos Bible Guide
xscreensaver-properties.desktop:Name=Screensaver
yelp.desktop:Name=Help
youtube-dlg.desktop:Name=YouTube Downloader
y-ppa-manager.desktop:Name=Y PPA Manager
zim.desktop:Name=Zim Desktop Wiki
Zoom.desktop:Name=Zoom
